Change some Ansi-code features. (#2297)
dart-lang/tools: pkgs/io/CHANGELOG.md

  extension with private generative constructors. They are now marked `final`
  and statically restricted from use as an interface.

> 
> * In `package:io`:
>   * Makes `AnsiCode.toString()` return `AnsiCode.escape`, so the code
>     can be embedded in strings directly like `"a ${red}red${resetAll} word"`.
>   * Makes `AnsiCodeType` an `enum`. _May affect code that has an non-exhaustive
>     switch over `AnsiCodeType`._
>     * This changes the `toString` of the enum values from `AnsiCode.<name>` to
>       `AnsiCodeType.<name>`.
>   * Makes the `wrapWith` use the reset codes for the Ansi _style_ codes used,
>     instead of always using `resetAll`. If any color is included, it still uses
>     `resetAll`.
>     _May affect code that relied on `wrapWith` resetting more than its own
>     styles._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make `AnsiCode.toString()` return `AnsiCode.escape`, so the code
  can be embedded in strings directly like `"a ${red}red${resetAll} word"`.
* Make `AnsiCodeType` an `enum`. _May affect code that has an non-exhaustive
  switch over `AnsiCodeType`._
  * This changes the `toString` of the enum values from `AnsiCode.<name>` to
    `AnsiCodeType.<name>`.
* Make the `wrapWith` use the reset codes for the Ansi _style_ codes used,
  instead of always using `resetAll`. If any color is included, it still uses
  `resetAll`.
  _May affect code that relied on `wrapWith` resetting more than its own
  styles._
```
